README.md, before:

# Taskmaster

## Feature Tasks

### Homepage

-[X] Create a Homepage.

-[X] The main page should be built out to match the wireframe.

-[X] Should have a heading at the top of the page, an image to mock the “my tasks” view.

-[X] Should have buttons at the bottom of the page.

-[X] Should allow going to the “add tasks” and “all tasks” page.

### Add a Task

-[X] The “Add a Task” page allows users to type in details about a new task.

-[X] Must show a title and a body.

-[X] When users click the “submit” button, show a “submitted!” label on the page.

### All Tasks

-[X] The 'all tasks' page should just be an image with a back button; it needs no functionality.

### Styling

Stretch goals:

-[X] Decide on a color scheme.

-[X] Decide font families. For now will stick with the built-in Android font-families.

## Screenshots

![Screen cap of My Tasks Activity (Home Page)](./app/screenshots/Taskmaster_Weds__MyTasksActivity.png)

![Screen cap of Add Task Activity](./app/screenshots/Taskmaster_Weds__AddTaskActivity.png)

![Screen cap of Add Task Activity - Submit Button Clicked](./app/screenshots/Taskmaster_Weds__AddTaskActivity_Submitted.png)

![Screen cap of All Tasks Activity](./app/screenshots/Taskmaster_Weds__AllTasksActivity.png)

## Unittests

Link to [Test Package](./app/java/com/example/taskmaster/TaskmasterUnitTests.java)

Commit message:

updated readme, added user settings view.

README.md, after:

# Taskmaster

## Daily Change Log

Implmented Homepage, Add a Task, and All Tasks Activities.

Configured layout of all three Activities.

Enabled button-based navigation and retained back-button functionality.

Added styling.

## Feature Tasks

Feature Tasks are broken down into the following sub sections.

### Homepage

-[X] Create a Homepage.

-[X] The main page should be built out to match the wireframe.

-[X] Should have a heading at the top of the page, an image to mock the “my tasks” view.

-[X] Should have buttons at the bottom of the page.

-[X] Should allow going to the “add tasks” and “all tasks” page.

-[ ] Create a Task Detail page. It should have a title at the top of the page, and a Lorem Ipsum description.

-[ ] Create a Settings page. It should allow users to enter their username and hit save.

-[ ] The main page should be modified to contain three different buttons with hardcoded task titles. When a user taps one of the titles, it should go to the Task Detail page, and the title at the top of the page should match the task title that was tapped on the previous page.

-[ ] The homepage should also contain a button to visit the Settings page, and once the user has entered their username, it should display “{username}’s tasks” above the three task buttons.

### Add a Task

-[X] The “Add a Task” page allows users to type in details about a new task.

-[X] Must show a title and a body.

-[X] When users click the “submit” button, show a “submitted!” label on the page.

### All Tasks

-[X] The 'all tasks' page should just be an image with a back button; it needs no functionality.

### Styling

Stretch goals:

-[X] Decide on a color scheme.

-[X] Decide font families. For now will stick with the built-in Android font-families.

## Screenshots

![Screen cap of My Tasks Activity (Home Page)](./app/screenshots/Taskmaster_Weds__MyTasksActivity.png)

![Screen cap of Add Task Activity](./app/screenshots/Taskmaster_Weds__AddTaskActivity.png)

![Screen cap of Add Task Activity - Submit Button Clicked](./app/screenshots/Taskmaster_Weds__AddTaskActivity_Submitted.png)

![Screen cap of All Tasks Activity](./app/screenshots/Taskmaster_Weds__AllTasksActivity.png)

## Tests

Link to [Unittest Tests Package](./app/java/com/example/taskmaster/TaskmasterUnitTests.java)

Link to [Espresso Tests Package](./app/src/androidTest/java/com/example/taskmaster)
